License Agreement
Jep Java - Math Expression Parser

Licensed Copies: 1
License Type: Trial License

This License Agreement is a legal agreement between you
(either an individual or a single entity) and
Singular Systems for the software product identified
above, including any software, media, and accompanying 
on-line or printed documentation ("Product").

BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, 
YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

GRANT OF LICENSE.
Provided that you comply with all terms and conditions of
this agreement, Singular Systems grants you a nonexclusive
license including the following rights:

(a) You may install and use one copy of the Product on a
single computer for evaluation purposes only.
(b) Singular Systems reserves all rights not expressly
granted to you in this agreement.

RESTRICTIONS.
You may not reverse engineer or decompile the Product. You
may not attempt to circumvent the trial version 
restrictions which differentiate the trial version of
the Product from the fully licensed Product. You may not
rent, lease, loan or distribute the Product or derivative 
works based on the Product or any part thereof except for 
your own internal use as permitted under GRANT OF LICENSE.
You may not transfer or assign your rights under this 
license to another party without Singular Systems' prior
written consent.

NO WARRANTY.
This Product is provided on an "as is" basis without
warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including, but
not limited to implied warranties of merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose. All other warranties are
also expressly disclaimed.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 
Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, tort,
contract, or otherwise, shall Singular Systems be liable
to you or any other person for any indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages of any character
including, without limitation, damages for loss of
goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction,
or any and all other commercial damages or losses. In no
event will Singular Systems be liable for any damages in
excess of the amount Singular Systems received from you
for a license to the Product, even if Singular Systems
shall have been informed of the possibility of such
damages, or for any claim by any other party.

SUITABILITY.
The persons or company using this Product are solely
responsible for thoroughly testing it to make sure it
works to their satisfaction before purchasing a license
and incorporating it into their programs. By obtaining a
license, the licensee indicates that the Product has met
his/her expectations and runs to his/her satisfaction.

TERMINATION.
This agreement terminates, you lose all rights licensed to
you, and you must stop use of the Product if you fail to 
comply with any term or condition of this License 
Agreement.
